and welcome to this tutorial today we're
going to do a little motion tween
animation flash this time we're going to
tween text and animated into a blurry
type of way in case you want to put it
on any websites or show off to your
friends just create a new flash document
as I did just now and I'm let's set the
width of the background and height to
300 bytes 200 actually the width 350 yes
and our frames per second change that's
a 15 background color just make it black
and yes click OK all right now what I
want you to do first is create text and
well actually first rename this layer
text ler and now let's create a motion
tween click frame 1 going on to tween
and click motion alright and let's just
make any text I'm gonna call this text
uh let's see a TED vid let's align this
text so it's into the center so um let's
see a line a line yes here it is
oh I just clicking in window and click
on a line and then you get it click on
to stage if you have to and click
distribute click distribute horizontal
Center and click align align vertical
Center and it should be right in the
middle if not then you have to try them
in it manually okay um now what we're
gonna do now well we don't have to
convert this to a symbol cuz text by
default can be tweens in any motion I
don't fully understand that either I
guess since it's in this box it
considers itself to be a movie clip or
something Oh
no the designer somehow made it protects
to automatically work anyway on what
we're gonna do now you can change you
could type whatever you want here it
doesn't have to be Ted's vids I'm change
whatever you want in this house just go
with a no let's go back to Times New
Roman I don't know my teachers
let me type with that all the time
alright now I'm what we're gonna do is
click on Ted's vis the just click on the
text in the middle and you should see
the blue line now go over here and click
on filters on the filters click Add
filter and click blur now you see we
have an X and y value and quality is low
click this and select quality to high
alright now if this is if this is locked
or unlocked see if it's if it's on both
selected then Bolton and remove I just
want you to unlock that because we need
to give them different value it's not
the same value for this set blur x2 18
sorry and why did three now click on
frame 5 and click f6 select the text
again and it should show the filters
every with the blur again now for the
text for this blur so click on change
the blur X value to 96 96 and change the
wild kita oh yeah change the Y values to
12 all right now click on frame 10 and
click the text again now change the x
value to 38 38 38 38 so I'm just giving
you random numbers here just by how the
blur looks on the screen and the y
values to 20 see about 26 here
26 there we go
all right now on frame 15 now we're
going to reduce it a little and make the
text visible again
so I'm what we're gonna do now in frame
20 I'm gonna faint 15 is I'm change the
x value to 24 and the the y value to 13
now frame 20 maybe we should all right
and this not reduce any malicious reduce
the Y to 0 and now detectives a bit more
visible now what we wanted to do is get
to the unblurred point faster so we're
not going to go to the front 25 we're
going to go to about 1 to frame 23
all right Freight 22 and just click f6
now click on the text again and just
lower X to 0 and then you got this here
now click enter as you can see we got a
blur animation between now if we test
that in the regular Flash Player it will
continuously do it we don't want that
all right so what we're gonna do is go
over here and click new layer and call
this X tons actions now click on frame
22 the last frame we edited for a text
blur for a 22 and click f6 now press f9
to open up the actions layer and you get
this options what we're going to do now
is type sto P star just type that in and
now press ctrl + Enter and it stops
it'll sin repeat okay thanks for
watching this tutorial I hope it helped
stay tuned for more